Okay, you arrogant, domineering brat.
Master Bai
Our Qin Ye has given face to the Foot Heavenly Master
But this kid is too ignorant of praise
I will definitely tell Qin Ye the truth when I go back
Hey, don't
Mrs. Qin
Let's discuss it again. What's there to discuss?
The meaning is already clear
This kid looks down on Qin Ye
Unwilling to cooperate
No, no, no bridge, that's not what he meant.
Who said I didn't mean that?
I'll tell you what.
There is no such truth in the world
I'm here to make money, and I have to hand it over to others?
That's the rule.
Lao Tzu's rules are the rules
Ok you brat
You have a master waiting for me
get out of the way
Oh, dear.
Pregnant and still smelly
This broken gas should be on Uncle Feng Jing
Why is it with him?
Could it be
Two people have a leg
Bridge, what are you doing?
You offended Qin Ye
How can you still open this store?
I don't believe that Qin Ye can cover the sky with one hand
I have asked Brother Hu to help me make a batch of porcelain
As long as this batch of porcelain is on the market
It's going to be very popular.
You oh oh
It's all vulgar
None of the trash can be seen
New Year's Eve Dinner
It's my birthday party
I want to get a baby
As the finale
There's not a single decent one now.
Is Tangcheng at this level?
Take it easy tonight
I have a baby
Please take a look to see if it suits you.
It's not trash again, is it?
Definitely not a top product
There is no word excellent here
What!
Here it is.
A long-lost iron soul